one of the concepts that we spend a lot
of time thinking about is multi-agent
architectures one of the key components
of multi-agent architectures is the
ability for these agents to communicate
freely and effectively between each
other with that in mind today we're
excited to announce command a new type
in Lang graph that lets you more easily
create really expressible and
controllable communication between
different agents or different nodes in
your graph specifically it allows you to
return from a node not only the state
update but also which nodes can be
executed next this allows you to
effectively create edgeless graphs let's
take a look at this in action here we
have a how-to guide for how to combine
control flow in State updates with
command if we take a look here we can
see the core idea basically we have this
node and inside this node we're
returning this command type and this
command type has two main components it
has some other things but these are the
two main components one it has an update
parameter this is the state update that
we apply this will be applied just like
any state update that's normally
returned from our nodes but second it
has this goto parameter here is where we
can specify the other node or nodes that
we want to go to when we specify a
string like this this just means that
we're going to another node in the graph
we can also specify other things like a
list of strings and go to mult multiple
nodes let's take a look at this in
action we're going to try to build an
agent that doesn't use a conditional
Edge but rather uses this command to
route between a tool node where we're
going to be executing tools and the end
of the agent so to get started let's
import some standard things that we're
going to want to use we're going to be
using chat anthropic the anthropic model
but you can use any model you want we're
going to be importing some other
standard things like literal which we
will be using to do typing tool to
create tools um start end State graph
messages State tool node these are all
built in uh abstractions for working
with graphs in Lang graph and then we
have this new thing from L graph. types
import command this is the command that
we're going to be
using next let's define some tools for
the agent to use we're going to create
ack Search tool for querying the web
we're going to respond as if it's
querying for what the weather is and
then we're just going to create a tool
node with this tool let's now create our
model we're going to be using chat
anthropic we'll use CLA 3 Sonet and
we'll bind the tools above to the model
this will let the model know that it has
the option to call these tools if it
wants to now we're going to define the
function that's going to be the node
that calls this model that makes up the
graph so here we've got this call model
node it takes in this state and it
returns this command literal tools and
end so tools and end are the two names
of the nodes in the graph that we're
going to be able to go to from here
inside this function what we're going to
do is we're going to get the messages
and we're going to pass that to the
model then based on the response we're
going to determine the next node to go
to if there are tool calls the next node
is going to be tools if there's not it's
going to be end and then we're going to
return this command where we go to the
next node and we update the messages
with this
response now let's build our graph so
here we can create State graph with the
messages State we'll Define the tool
nodes that we're going to cycle between
agent which is the call model and then
tools which is our tool node we're going
to add a starting
Edge from start to agent and then we're
going to add this Edge from tools it's
wrapping back around to agent you'll
notice that we don't have any Edge or
conditional edges going away from agent
that's because it's defined in side the
node
itself let's compile this and now we can
start interacting with it I'm going to
ask a question like what is the weather
in SF I'm going to pass in debug equals
true this will let me see what's going
on under the hood as it runs in the
notebook but I'm also going to check
Lang Smith in a little bit just to show
what it looks like under the
hood so we can track what it's doing and
we can see that at the end it's got this
human message this AI message where it's
calling the tool the tool message itself
and then it's getting a final response
let's take a little bit of a closer look
by looking at lsmith here we've got the
trace the interesting thing is inside
this first node if we click into it it's
this agent node and we have as input
first just a human message we can see
the output we've got this update step
which is the message to update on but
then we also have this go to this is
referring to the node to go to next and
we can see in fact that the next node
that we go to is tools if we look at
this the second time it's called it's
now got more input because the messages
have accumulated the output is now this
final kind of like content and if we
scroll down we can see the goto is end
to
end so this is what's going on under the
hood when we use
command another thing I want to show is
how to use this in a multi-agent setup
because I think this is where it starts
to get really fun and you can start to
layer these agents on top of each other
so what I'm going to do is toine one
main agent that as an option can hand
off the conversation to this weather
agent here's the tool we Define transfer
to weather agent if you notice we don't
actually do anything inside the tool
that's because what we're actually going
to do is we're going to handle any of
the transfer before we ever get to the
tool node you'll notice that we still
bind these tools to this model the Chad
anthropic model but that's just so the
model can call the tool we're not
actually going to execute it though how
are we going to do that let's take a
look we're going to define the call
model node in this way we're going to
take in the messages we're going to pass
it to the model if there are any tool
calls that are made and again the only
tool that we're binding is this transfer
to weather agent so if there are any
tool calls that are made we're going to
go to the weather agent node otherwise
we're going to go to end you'll notice
that when we go to the end we actually
update the messages with the response
when we go to the weather agent we don't
update it at
all so the weather agent will get only
the messages that have come in so far it
won't get any of this initial response
and you can see that up here we type the
function as returning weather agent or
end if we put this all together it'll
look something like this we create this
graph and we add two nodes first is
Agent this is the call model node that
we have above and then the second is
this weather agent this is the graph
that we defined before so we now have
this separate agent that's being a node
in this main agent we're going to add a
start Edge this is starting at the agent
node and then we're going to compile
this into the multi-agent
graph let's kick this off over the same
inputs as before let's track what
happens as we can see it starts off in
the agent node but almost immediately it
goes into the weather agent node that's
because the overall agent is calling the
tool that says to transfer hand off to
this weather agent we can see from there
that it starts to do its traditional
kind of like tool calling let's take a
look at what it looks like in
lsmith we can see that first we call the
regular agent if we click in we can see
that the output doesn't have any updates
it just passes goto weather agent we
then go into the weather agent and the
weather agent Returns the messages that
we expect to see
hopefully this is a good introductory
video to how to use this new command
type we have more documentation on all
the advanced features you can do like
sending to multiple nodes so that they
run in parallel or jumping and handing
off to not a node in your current graph
but to a node in the parent graph which
is really useful for hierarchical agents
I'd encourage you to check this out
we're going to be doing a lot more with
multi-agent things and if you have any
questions just let us know thank than
for watching